Update streaming doc (#12653)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/streaming.md

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

> 

Author: Did not meant to change that

> A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns an <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1>, <xref:System.Threading.Channels.ChannelReader%601>, a`Task<IAsyncEnumerable<T>>`. or a `Task<ChannelReader<T>>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1>, <xref:System.Threading.Channels.ChannelReader%601>, `Task<IAsyncEnumerable<T>>`, or `Task<ChannelReader<T>>`.
```

### Client-to-server streaming

A hub method automatically becomes a client-to-server streaming hub method when it accepts one or more <xref:System.Threading.Channels.ChannelReader`1>s or <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1>s. The following sample shows the basics of reading streaming data sent from the client. Whenever the client writes to the <xref:System.Threading.Channels.ChannelWriter`1>, the data is written into the `ChannelReader` on the server that the hub method is reading from.

[!code-csharp[Streaming upload hub method](streaming/samples/3.0/Hubs/StreamHub.cs?name=snippet2)]

We have the same method below but using <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1>.

[!INCLUDE[](~/includes/csharp-8-required.md)]

```csharp
public async Task  UploadStream(IAsyncEnumerable<stream> stream) 
{
    await foreach (var item in stream)
    {
        Console.WriteLine(item);
    }
}
```

::: moniker-end

## .NET client

### Server-to-client streaming

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

> The `StreamAsync` and `StreamAsChannelAsync` methods on `HubConnection` are used to invoke server-to-client streaming methods. Pass the hub method name and arguments defined in the hub method to `StreamAsync` or `StreamAsChannelAsync`. The generic parameter on `StreamAsync<T>` and `StreamAsChannelAsync<T>` specifies the type of objects returned by the streaming method. An `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` or `ChannelReader<T>` is returned from the stream invocation and represents the stream on the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StreamAsync` and `StreamAsChannelAsync` methods on `HubConnection` are used to invoke server-to-client streaming methods. Pass the hub method name and arguments defined in the hub method to `StreamAsync` or `StreamAsChannelAsync`. The generic parameter on `StreamAsync<T>` and `StreamAsChannelAsync<T>` specifies the type of objects returned by the streaming method. An object of type `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` or `ChannelReader<T>` is returned from the stream invocation and represents the stream on the client.
```

> A `StreamAsync` example that returns an `IAsyncEnumerable<int>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `StreamAsync` example that returns `IAsyncEnumerable<int>`:

```

```csharp
// Call "Cancel" on this CancellationTokenSource to send a cancellation message to
// the server, which will trigger the corresponding token in the hub method.
var cancellationTokenSource = new CancellationTokenSource();
var stream = await hubConnection.StreamAsync<int>(
    "Counter", 10, 500, cancellationTokenSource.Token);

await foreach (var count in stream)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"{count}");
}

Console.WriteLine("Streaming completed");
```

> A corresponding `StreamAsChannelAsync` example that returns an `ChannelReader<int>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A corresponding `StreamAsChannelAsync` example that returns `ChannelReader<int>`:

```

### Client-to-server streaming

There are two ways to invoke a client-to-server streaming hub method from the .NET client. You can either pass in an `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` or a `ChannelReader` as an argument to `SendAsync`, `InvokeAsync`, or `StreamAsChannelAsync`, depending on the hub method invoked.

> Whenever data is written to the `IAsyncEnumerable` or `ChannelWriter`, the hub method on the server receives a new item with the data from the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever data is written to the `IAsyncEnumerable` or `ChannelWriter` object, the hub method on the server receives a new item with the data from the client.
```

> If using an `IAsyncEnumerable`, he stream will end after the method returning stream items exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using an `IAsyncEnumerable` object, the stream ends after the method returning stream items exits.
```

[!INCLUDE[](~/includes/csharp-8-required.md)]

```csharp
async IAsyncEnumerable<string> clientStreamData()
{
    for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++)
    {
        var data = await FetchSomeData();
        yield return data;
    }
    //After the for loop has completed and the local function exits the stream completion will be sent.
}

await connection.SendAsync("UploadStream", clientStreamData());
```

> Or if you're using a `ChannelWriter`, you complete the channel with `channel.Writer.Complete()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you're using a `ChannelWriter`, you complete the channel with `channel.Writer.Complete()`:
```
